com/example/allinone/Messaging_Socket/ChatBoxActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$2
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$2$1
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$3
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$3$1
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$4
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxActivity$4$1
com/example/allinone/BuildConfig.java
 com.example.allinone.BuildConfig
com/example/allinone/Messaging_Socket/ChatBoxAdapter.java
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxAdapter
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.ChatBoxAdapter$MyViewHolder
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/CanvasViewActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.CanvasViewActivity
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.CanvasViewActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.CanvasViewActivity$2
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/RecyclerViewWithEmptyViewSupport.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.RecyclerViewWithEmptyViewSupport
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.RecyclerViewWithEmptyViewSupport$1
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/SpareImages.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.SpareImages
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.SpareImages$1
com/example/allinone/Activities/DialogActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$2
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$3
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$4
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$5
 com.example.allinone.Activities.DialogActivity$6
com/example/allinone/Messaging_Socket/MessagingActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.MessagingActivity
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.MessagingActivity$1
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/UploadImages.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages$1
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages$2
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages$3
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages$4
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.UploadImages$FileCounter
com/example/allinone/Activities/SignatureView.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.SignatureView
 com.example.allinone.Activities.SignatureView$1
 com.example.allinone.Activities.SignatureView$2
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/CanvasView.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.CanvasView
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/ViewImagesAdapter.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$1
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$2
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$3
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$4
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$5
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$6
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$7
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesAdapter$Holder
com/example/allinone/Activities/VoiceToText.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.VoiceToText
 com.example.allinone.Activities.VoiceToText$1
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/RepairsImageDao.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.RepairsImageDao
com/example/allinone/CameraGalleryPaths/CameraGalleryPathSaveActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.CameraGalleryPaths.CameraGalleryPathSaveActivity
 com.example.allinone.CameraGalleryPaths.CameraGalleryPathSaveActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.CameraGalleryPaths.CameraGalleryPathSaveActivity$2
com/example/allinone/Activities/TimeDateActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.TimeDateActivity
com/example/allinone/CameraGalleryPaths/ImageFilePath.java
 com.example.allinone.CameraGalleryPaths.ImageFilePath
com/example/allinone/Messaging_Socket/Message.java
 com.example.allinone.Messaging_Socket.Message
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/DisplayImage.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.DisplayImage
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.DisplayImage$1
com/example/allinone/UploadImageClasses/ViewImagesActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.UploadImageClasses.ViewImagesActivity
com/example/allinone/Activities/ContinuousGPSUpdate.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.ContinuousGPSUpdate
com/example/allinone/Activities/PermissionsActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$10
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$11
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$2
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$3
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$4
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$5
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$6
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$7
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$8
 com.example.allinone.Activities.PermissionsActivity$9
com/example/allinone/MainActivity.java
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$1
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$2
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$3
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$4
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$5
 com.example.allinone.MainActivity$6
